Welcome to the prowein 2014 in
düsseldorf and this time there is
really reason to celebrate because the prowein
is celebrating her 20th anniversary
Congratulations from Austria
from the kamptal 20 years prowein that is
of course a reason to celebrate and add
but there are many others
reasons
the fair is the turntable that was
in export in germany contacts
make social networking and and and
become the most important trade fair in europe
I think the infrastructure fits
suitable for transport
It is in the center of Europe for everyone
easy to reach
well organized the man gets the
current review again of course you
maybe also things you have
Did not try and beat one more
People usually meet you
not true and that's it
interesting as every year sees
per track, the most important trade fair 30 here
the whole world meets the future
to try my to find
Yes, the internationality and the
Variety of wines presented here
It is very important during
the industry is busy is the
trade fair worldwide and as such
you should have been there
yes it is practically the only one
possibility in Germany itself
somehow to comprehensive around the
to take care of the international market
short ways one has an incredible
great offer then comes right in
contact with the winegrowers and that's it
Simply they can draw one time yes
practically make a weltreise what
when young german winemakers will be the
wine industry is moving new trends like
last year it was the luganer or
like this
this must be all that evolves
because of that because the world is here
von wein meets international best
fair with a whole europe best
organized so this is last place to
go and therefore welcome
on the prowein 2014 the leading fair of the
wine and spirits industry